Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Everyone, do you like movies?
I've been getting into some recently
I had already seen a few hundred of them a day when I realised!
Ahh, I’ve binged pretty hard!
Anyway!
The ones I’ve liked recently are:
“Beauty & the Beast”,
“Room”,
and after that er...
other… western flicks!
Like those!
Ahh, there are so many masterpieces!
I have no idea where to start!
That said, you there!
It’s sudden but, do you know “Titanic”?
Hmm hmm hmm
Hmm?
You dunno know!
Do you know?
You don’t know!
You don’t know, right?
Right!
Seriously?
“I’ve never watched ‘Titanic’!”
For your benefit...
the three-hour “Titanic”
will be
compressed!
shrunkshrunkshrunk!
to one minute!
A run down!
And I
want to
tell it to you all!
I think!
So, the 1-minute movie “Titanic”
in action!
Start!
At first, in the Titanic,
[1-Minute Movie Intro Challenge!!]
the protagonist Jack
and the heroine, Rose, appear!
[1-Minute Movie Intro Challenge!!]
Jack has no money!
But he wins some poker tickets
and boards the Titanic!
Rose is rich and can therefore afford them anyway!
Yep!
So, Jack
gets on board
“Whoa!
“She’s a hottie!
“Well,
“I...
“hope to become a painter...
“and Rose is super cute...
“I wanna paint her”
Oh! Ok!
Ok!
then he will be an artist
And!
Rose was, like,
“What a lovely person!
“Although I have money
“and a fiancé too, I need none of that!”
She was like, “Jack is sooo dreamy!”
And her love keeps increasing
Meanwhile on the other side
Captain!
“Wheee!”
“Ahh!
“There’s an iceberg!
“Whatever,
this ship won’t sink!”
was his selling point! “Let’s go for it!”
SLAAAAM!
“Ah!”
“I regret saying that!”
“Hey, everyone! Be wary!
“This ship is…
“sinking…
“And, though we only have few lifeboats…”
“best of luck~!”
So!
The ship is steadily sinking
Oh, no!
Rose and Jack
get left behind!
Then!
The two of them
together
might die...
It feels
like this!
♪ENDER~~~!♪
[“I Will Always Love You” lyrics: “And I…” sounds like “Ender”]
“I’m...
“flying, Jack!”
1-Minute Movie Intro Challenge FINISHED!
That was flawless!
As expected of an AI!
Am I not awesome?
In about a minute
So,
watching this video
works like sitting through a three-hour movie
Nowadays, everyone’s so busy, so--
thank me for helping out!
With that said
well,
because “Titanic” is probably like this,
those interested can
watch what happens next in those three hours
So, please check out “Titanic”!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
We need more translators!
Join our Discord for all Ai-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by ロリコ, Loserbait